There's not one type of sailor that causes problems. Um, but, you know,
there there are different when they're they're different types. Uh,
cynicism is a way of life in the military. Uh, every just about every
military member you meet has a more cynical view of their organization.
That's probably what they came into the military with. This
becomes more a problem when it's just when it's kind of worn on a person's
sleeve. Um, constantly negative, uh, always has some negative
to say about what they're doing. Um, and this can have a detrimental
impact on on on the team members. Like I said, this is not the only
type of person, but it it is one. Um, and you have to be clear right
away for those people that that type of behavior is not gonna be
acceptable. How do you do that? Uh, well, there's there. There's not
necessarily one good answer. Um, but you also might not have a choice
to have them on their team. You're gonna have folks that are very,
very good at their job. Skill wise. But I have very bad attitudes.
Thing happens quite a bit. I've seen it plenty of times. Um but you
need thio. You you need to find a way to get to them to connect with
them so they don't have a negative impact on the people around them.